Beijing
Cape Town 
Jakarta
Seoul
Pune
Rome
New York City
Cologne
Paris
London
Buenos Aires
Le Habana
Athens
Sydney
Cairo
Amsterdam
Dubai
Barcelona
San Fransisco
Singapore
Zurich
Maui
Crete
Bangkok
Las Vegas
Siem Reap
Macau
Sri Nagar
Acapulco
Cancun
Qaanaaq
Thiruvananthapuram
Kochi
Aleppo
Monterrey
Guadalajara
Morelia
Edmonton
Regina
Aurangabad
Baghdad 
Abu Dhabi
Acheng
Chennai
Faridabad
Giza 
Gorakhpur
Saskatoon
Indore
Mysore
Austin
Allahabad
Madinah
Darjeeling 
Jaipur
Diu
Agartala
Kanniyakumari
Surat
Bhopal
Mangalore
Jammu
Gangtok
Bijapur
Istanbul
Hong Kong
Dhaka
Colombo
Thimpu, Bhutan
Kabul
Katmandu
Boston
Seattle
Santiago
Concepcion
Iquique, Chile
La Serena, Chile
La Plata, Argentina
Vienna, Austria
Panaji, Goa
Bergen, Norway
Belfast 
Antwerp
Cork
Brussels
Brugge
Copenhagen
Luxembourg
Riga
Tallinn
palun = please (pa-lun)
tanan = thanks (ta-nahn)
ja = yes; ei = no (ya/aye)
vabanda = excuse me (vah-bahn-dah)
Emergency no-112
Oslo
Dublin +3
Kharkiv +2
Lisbon
Liechtenstein +4
Lyon +5
Marseille +2
Language spoken- French.
Grenoble +4
lille +5
Bordeaux +2
Hague +6
Naples
Milan
Jerusalem
"The Israel Museum is a must see place. The old city, one of the oldest place in the world is an mirror to the cities beautiful history.
"Jerusalem is big on t-shirts of all shapes, colors and designs. Judaiga and haggle        
"The residents of Jerusalem speak many languages. Some of them are: Hebrew, Arabic, English, Yiddish, French and Spanish."
Mathura
Sun screen, mosquite repellents, sunglasses and hat etc is suggested to carry.
"Basantar Park: built in memory of the victory of Basanta .
"Brass/ Copper Pooja Articles
Pooja Articles
Clothes
Sweets
Milk Products
Souvenir Articles from Govt. Museum
hindi is the main language used. english is also used by the local guides.
Ramleela: Sep-Oct. A play act based on the story of the great Lord Ram."
Matheran
All the trails have signboards marking the way and the locals are quite helpful, 
On horseback, 
"There is a entry fee of Rs 40 for adult visitors and Rs.20 for children to Matheran. 
By train you can go to matheran. 
"Try the Gujarati Thali, or the Maharashtrian style Vada-Pav (Indian Burger)which is available at the various points. Also, try the chikki which is available in different flavors in the main market. 
"Panorama point - This point is a very beautiful. Honeymoon Hill, Charlotte Lake. "
Olympia - There is a Horse Race-course.
Paymasters Park, Mount Barry in matheran."
Mahabaleswar
On horseback, 
Buses are available from the closet railway station.
Buffalo, New York 
Almora
Woolen garments. Copperware  are the things to buy in almora.
Johannesburg
"Top of Africa: Get a panoramic view of the city from the top of Africa's tallest building Rand 7.50. 
"There are many craft markets in Johannesburg and the surrounding areas. 
English is the local language.
Chonburi, Thailand
Goggles, camera, hat and scarf.
Nirvana Boutique Hotel is the premium hotel here. 
"Wat Yai Inthraram : It is an ancient and significant temple of Mueang Chon Buri, influenced by the late Ayutthayan architectural style.  
Robinson's Department Store: The only department Store in chon buri,  and has a lot of small shops.
few Phrases: 
Hi- sawas dii. 
" Tourist Police: 
Tel. 038 425 937 or Hotline Tel. 1155 
information for postal services: 
Tel. 02 831 36 00 or Hotline Tel. 1545  
"Chonburi Annual Festival: This fair is held about mid-April during the Songkran Festival. 
Do not wear shoes inside a temple where Buddha images are kept. Take your shoes off before entering someone’s home.
Bhubaneswar, India
You should carry sun shades and sunscreens, hat, camera etc.
Air port is situates in the city center only. from there one can hair auto rikshaw, taxi.
"Lingaraj Temple : it is oldest and one of the  A rare masterpiece in Bhubaneswar.  
A lot of local handicraft is available. Look out for pipli handicrafts in local markets. 
Phrases: Hello: sunibe. 
"POLICE: Police Control Room Tel  0674-2403399  
 
You should avoid travelling late in night as the city tends to sleep early.
Bogor, Indonesia
 
Buses are available from the nearest airport.
 
"Botanical Garden is Bogor's pride and joy, the extensive Botanical Gardens are known as one of the most famous gardens in the world. 
 
 
"Most exciting are the traditional markets, filled with cheap clothing, toys, fruit, vegetables etc. 
"Indonesian is the local language. 
phrases: 
Welcome = Selamat datang. 
"Police Department: 110 
Fire Department: 113 
"Walking: 
There are many traffic-free walks by the side of rivers and canals. One is reminded, if one squints, of Venice in earlier days. One is likely to encounter colorful little houses and gardens, children flying kites, people bathing, vendors of snacks and spectacular views of Mount Salak. "
Chiba, Japan
Good shoes to walk everywhere, in the monsoon season could rain at anytime without warning so raincoat is essential in monsoon season.
Chiba Port Tower: Towers like this are a fixture of any self-respecting Japanese city, and you can go there by monorails. 
Phrases : Hi! : Yaa.  
Good morning! : Ohayou gozaimasu.  
Surfing : Pacific coast of Chiba (Uchibo and Sotobo Lines/Car). Chiba is known as the mecca and one of the more consistent areas for surfing in Japan.
Bishkek,Kyrgyzstan
Camera, hiking shoes and kit,  sleepers.
 
"A typical Kyrgyz meal will feature starchy foods like bread, rice, and potatoes, usually centered around some sort of meat, usually lamb, mutton or beef or even sometimes horse meat. 
Shashlyk, samsas,besh barmak are the local delicacies. 
"Kyrgyz is the local language. 
some popualar phrases: 
Hello!Salamatsyzby!  
Yes Ooba  
Bishkek is a pleasant city to wander with numerous leafy parks, tall trees, peppered by Soviet era statues and monuments
Cheongju, South Korea
May - is the queen of the season 
Late September - when the weather can be still hot but is far less humid.  
Camera, hat, scarf, etc.
Hotels: Hotel Jasmine,  
Sangdangsanseong : (Sangdang Mountain Fortress) lies on the slopes of Mt. Uam within the city limits. 
Caloocan ,Philippines
A travel plug adapter, a pocket calculator, a torchlight, an umbrella and photographic supplies. 
http://www.philippinecountry.com/filipino_recipe/filipino_delicacy.html 
 
"Bonifacio Monument - this famous landmark of the city is located at the intersection of EDSA and Rizal Avenue. Made by nationalist Guillermo Tolentino, the monument commemorates the first encounter of the revolutionary group Katipunan, lead by hero Andres Bonifacio, with Spanish forces. 
 
Ever Gotesco Grand Central. One of the largest shopping mall in the city.Offers wide range of products from original (but not signature) brands, to fake (pirated) VCD and DVD's , as well as VCD and DVD players often smuggled from China.
phrase: 
Hello / How are you? :Kumusta 
I am fine :Mabuti  
Folk dancing and cinemas during the day, pubs and nightclubs during the night, entertainment wise, there is plenty to do in the city.
Tromso, Norway
night out. This especially goes for Wednesdays, Fridays and Saturdays as these days are particularly busy.Ferry service is also there in some parts of the city.
"You can hire a taxi or airport bus to go to the city centre from airport as well as railway station.
"The Freshest Seafood,Sweetest Strawberries,Succulent Reindeer,Whale Burgers,The Local Brew are some the famous food items 
Tromso.Emmas Drommekjokken,Compagniet,Blaa Rock,Yonas are some the famous restaurants in Tromso.
Polaria,Mack Brewery,Tromso Cathedral,The Main Square,The Polar Museum are some of the places to be visited in Tromso. For more information visit http://www.iglobetrotter.com/norway/tromso/what-to-see-in-tromso
find locally made stuff. Keep in mind that business hours are traditional; most main street shops close at 5pm, although they usually stay up until
7pm on Thursdays. They close at 3-4pm on Saturdays, and remain closed all Sunday. Department stores stay open longer, though.
In Tromso they speak a local Norwegian dialect, like any other place in Norway. It's not uncommon to call it 'Tromsværing'.
"Verdensteatret,Norway’s oldest film house will satisfy both cinephiles and thirsters after great cafés. . 
so expect anything from classical to deepest underground. Peek into the magnificent cinema, its walls painted roof to ceiling with early 
20th-century murals. It shows art house and independent films on an ad hoc basis.
"Changing money inside the bank is considerably 
more expensive than using ATMs. The use of 
international credit cards is widespread in shops 
and restaurants, and all transactions take place
right in front of you.Den Norske Bank,Handelsbanken,
"If ever feeling the need for a little midnight snack on a night 
out in Tromso – steer clear of the kebabs.You
might end up eating dogfood."
Bodo, Norway
minutes to-and-from town westwards. The Sentrumsrunden bus brings you anywhere you want within the city centre, and there are also buses going northwards to the suburbs. The bus system is zonal, meaning that 
you pay more the further you are going.Taxis are also available, but with typical Norwegian prices, you should be cautious about using them on longer trips.You can also bike virtually everywhere in Bodø and suburbs,
and there is many scenic routes to see.
"The number 14 bus has a stop right of the main entrance. The buses traffic the 
route between the city centre and the airport from 7.00 a.m. to 11 p.m. on
weekdays. Between 7.00 a.m. - 17.00 p.m. departures are every half hour.
From 17.00 and during weekends schedules are more limited.You can hire Taxi,Car
and also board a train.
"Freshly cooked coley with lemon, salt and pepper on a campfire by the shore. Grilled stockfish with red wine at one of the city's restaurants. Freshly cooked prawns on the quayside. Bodø offers a wealth of exciting culinary adventures based on tasty ingredients from unspoilt natural surroundings.
Restaurant Smak,Kjerringøy Brygge,Bryggerikaia,Saltstraumen Hotel are some the good restaurants in Bodo.
"Norsk Luftfartsmuseum,Kjerringøy handelssted,Landegode,Saltstraumen are some of the attractions in Bodo. You can watch the midnight sun at the beautiful beach of Mjelle, 30 minutes out of town by car.
"City Nord is Nordland's largest shopping mall, with around 65 shops. In the town centre you will find Glasshuset, with 75 shops and eateries under 
one roof.
Among small specialist shops, Bertnes Geo-Senter stone shop, 9 kilometres from Bodø centre, is well worth a visit.
"English and Norwegian are the languages spoken in Bodo."
Ambulance : 113
"Bodø is surrounded by a beautiful coastline that offers ample opportunities for exploration. You can go kayaking under the midnight sun, 
take a tour on a fast passenger boat through the impressive archipelago, walk along the shore with a rucksack or fishing rod, feel your
heart beat in step with the engine on an old fishing smack, or squeal with delight as the rubber dinghy bounces from wave to wave.
Norwegians general don't use cheques (virtually unknown). Debit cards are instead universal and many shops even allow customers to withdraw money. Hotels, city taxis, shops and most restaurants accept credit/debit cards. Note that small hotels, camping sites etc may only accept cash payment; be  prepared to pay at check-in.
Nuuk, Denmark
 Bring everything from winter coats to sunglasses and T-shirts.
You can hire a taxi or airport bus to go to the city centre from airport as well as railway station.
National Greenland Museum and Archives,Arctic Boat Charters,MR Charter,Greenland Extreme - Private Day Tours are some of the attractions in Nuuk city for more information visit http://www.greenland.com/en/explore-greenland/capital-region/nuuk/practical-info.aspx
" The red building with a steeple is a prominent site on the landscape. The Herrnhut House was the center of the Moravian mission of New Herrnhut. Other landmarks include the Hans Egede Church and the Statue of Hans Egede.
Greenland National Museum is located in Nuuk.The museum has many artifacts and exhibits related to Greenland's archaeology, history, art, and handicrafts.Katuaq is a cultural center used for concerts, films, art exhibitions, and conferences. Katuaq contains two auditoria, the larger seating 1,008 people and the smaller, 508. The complex also contains an art school, library, meeting facilities, administrative offices and a café.
"There are several ATMs localed in each town where you can withdraw Danish Kroner (DKK) using most credit cards. 
Near the Colonial harbor is the newly renovated roof-covered 'brættet' where the daily catch of seal, birds and fish are sold at market.
Ilulissat, Denmark
"Bring everything from winter coats to sunglasses and T-shirts.In the summer time long
You can walk around, or get a cab to roam in the city. The Hotel Arctic, which is furthest from the center of town, offers regular van service to the city center (although it's only a 20 minute walk should you prefer to go on foot.)
There are two museums in Ilulissat. The first is the Ilulissat Museum and the second is the Inuit Art Museum.The main attraction is the Ilulissat Ice Fjord , a UNESCO World Heritage Site. 35 kilometers from the city is a glacier constantly delivering icebergs into the Fjord. 
Danish and Greenlandic are main languages people speak in Ilulissat
Fire : 113
The Ilulissat region is a great area to explore at sea, you can travel to either the nearby settlements or sea the fjord and all of the icebergs in it. Travelers can also sail to Disko Island and see the majority of Disko Bay on the journey.Lyngmarks Glacier on Disko Island is the only place in Greenland where travelers can dog sled in the summer. Many local hunters will take tourist along with them on their dog sleds. The best way to arrange this is through the local tourist offices in Ilulissat.There are many good hiking trails in and around Ilulissat. Travelers can hike through the mountains and around the lakes in the valley to the site where traces of the first humans in Greenland over 4500 years ago have been found.
"
In the summer 2007 a polar bear was located some kilometers north of town. This was a major event as it was first time in 20 years a polar bear was seen in the area. In fact many of the local inhabitants surrounded the bear and it was soon decided that the bear was a threat. Consequently, the luckless bear was shot."
Sisimiut, Denmark
Qaqortoq, Denmark
You can take taxi from Qaqortoq airport to the central city.
"Souvenir - an item that brings back memories. For some it may be a little beautiful and imaginative tupilak carved from bone. For others, a fur coat of impeccable quality. Qaqortoq offers the full spectrum of opportunities to take a tangible memory of Greenland's beautiful culture with them home from an unforgettable holiday.
Danish and Greenlandic are main languages people speak here along with English.
Police: (+299) 64 22 22 
The water is 37-38 degrees Celsius and the air about 10 degrees. Dive into nature's swimming pool and enjoy the surroundings. You sail from Qaqortoq to the tiny deserted island of Uunartoq between Alluitsup Paa and Nanortalik. Here you will find three naturally heated springs, which flow together to a little, stone-dammed pool. Surrounded by sharp mountain peaks and floating icebergs, you can sit back and enjoy the warm water and a very rare view indeed.Seals swim all the way along the Greenlandic coastline and 20 different species of whale live in the waters around it. In the fjords of Qaqortoq there are whales and the surrounding area is inhabited by reindeer, arctic foxes and arctic hares.
Aasiaat, Denmark
It is natural that marine animals have put a stamp on the beauty of the utensils and decorative objects you can buy in Aasiaat - the whaling and fishing town.
Humpback whales migrate to Aasiaat, and in the summer many of them are in the sea surrounding Aasiaat. There is also a good chance the tour guide will help you spot some fin whales, which are also common in these waters. Plus, the area has a large population of seals, which are always fun to see.
Adana, Turkey
http://www.destinationcoupons.com/turkey/adana/reference/tips.html
"You can take taxi to go to the city. For more information visit 
"Adana Kebab — Delicious and famous Adana Kebap and mezzes, usually accompanied by Şalgam (turnip) juice and/or Raki (traditional Turkish alcoholic drink).
Pastabahçesi Restaurant,Gazi Paşa Kebap,Eko Tepe Organic Farm,Balıkçı İbrahim Istanbul Balıkçısı for more information visit
" 
Adana Archeological Museum,Adana Ethnography Museum,Adana Atatürk Museum,Ulu Mosque are some of the famous tourist spot in Adana for more information visit
"Adana is known as city of gold so you should buy gold when you visit Adana for more details visit :
http://www.ehow.com/how_4494870_buy-gold-jewelry-adana-turkey.html
Turkish,Kurdish,English are the main languages people speak in Adana
Police: 155
Coast Guard: 158
Yellow Pages: 11818 or 11811 or 11880
"You can visit Doğal Park,Optimum Outlet Adana or the Yüreğır Çarşısı for entertainment. 
"It's best to wait until you get to Turkey to 
exchange money for Turkish Liras. 
Exchange rates outside of Turkey are usually 
not as good as those inside Turkey.You can 
exchange foreign-currency cash at a Currency
Exchange Office.
"For valuable gifts and souvenirs, such as a carpet, 
proof of purchase is necessary, together with receipts showing that any currency used in its purchase has been legally exchanged.Please note that it is strictly forbidden to export antiques from Turkey. Minerals can only be exported with a special documen"
Ad-Dammam, UAE
"The airport is located 50 km from the city center. You can use the public 
transportation or the taxis to go into the city.
"The cheap local delights are shawarma, taamiyya (a type of vegetable sandwich), foul (cooked beans) with tameez (bread) and roasted whole chickens called broasts are the popular non vegetarian dishes people are fond of. Some of the popular restaurants are Al Khayam Restaurant, Al Bokhari Restaurant, Baba Habbas, Corniche Restaurant, Fayrouz and Kababish Restaurant.
Heritage Village,Kings Fountain,Makkah Gate are some of the famous tourist spot in Dammam for more information visit http://www.world66.com/asia/middleeast/saudiarabia/dammam/sights
shoppers with a wide range of branded items. Popular shopping centers for locals and tourists alike are Green Shopping Centre, Al Bilad Mall, 
Al Danah Mall, Al Othaim Mall, Al Shatea Mall and Al Waha Mall.
"The official language in Saudi Arabia is Arabic, but English is widely spoken."
Fire 998
Ambulance 997
Traffic Accident 993
" Corniche Damman, Coral Island,  Half Moon Bay, National Museum and there are many beaches in Dammam which you should visit.
"All commercial banks in the Dammam offer
currency exchange services while bureau de 
change counters at the airports and other
strategic locations offer similar services with 
"Situated in the outskirts of Dammam is a huge 
expanse of sandy desert.There are many tours in Dammam that offer you a chance to ride the backs of these majestic desert animals for only a few dollars. You have to be very careful though, as camels can be feisty and can throw you easily off their backs.
Visit http://www.world66.com/asia/middleeast/saudiarabia/dammam/things_to_do for more information"
Ahwaz, Iran
"When travelling within Iran women should wear loose fitting cotton trousers and loose 
"Taxis roam around the city 24 hours a day and are relatively inexpensive. Around 3000 tomans for the longest trip in the city. There are also taxi agencies everywhere, if you can't find one on your own, 
You can hire taxi to go into the city from airport.
Riverside Park,White Bridge are famous spots in Ahvaz.
" The national language of Iran is Persian , also known as Farsi.
"Police                                                                110
Ambulance 115
Telephone Information Service 118
Flight Information 6001011 to 17
Sailing is must do in Ahvaz.You can rent a boat and go sailing on Karoun river in many parks nearby the river.
have to pay in foreign currency for ternational 
"Foreign women visitors should wear a manteau or loose knee-length jacket and headscarf.  Headscarves can be too colorful and black is recommended during days of mourning. For first arrival a woman should wear a loose-fitting coat to knee-level.
For men shorts are unacceptable.
Both sexes should dress more conservatively if visiting mosques and religious buildings."
Aligarh, India
Suncreen, hat, sunglasses, torch and mosquito repellents are recommended for most of the foreigners.
"Aligarh Fort is located on the Grand Trunk road. It is constructed in the shape of a regular polygon.Chacha Nehru Gyan Pushp is an educational museum situated on the Ramghat Road in Aligarh. It has a large 
"Aligarh is famous for its lock industry and one can spend some time buying and searching some new and attractive lock models in the local city 
Hindi is the main language in Aligarh but you can speak English also.
Only eat hot food and drink only boiled or good bottled water."
Al-Madinah, UAE
Fire 998
Ambulance 997
Traffic Accident 993
"Since it is visited only by Muslims, for religious purpose, the main thing to see is the Masjid Nabawi or the Prophet's Mosque where devout 
"Credit cards are largely unaccepted, and few 
"The city of Madinah is famous for its dates for centuries. There are various types of dates sold at the date farms around Madinah. The more popular types are the Al-Ajoh, Al-Safawi, Al-Shalabi, Al-Rothanh and Al-Khadraoui that command good price in the local market."
Gaya
 
The main sweets are Enursa, Tilkut and Lai all of which are exclusive to the city. One can easily get these in shops at Tekari Road and Ramna Road
Worship in Vishnupad temple of lord Vishnu. 
"GB Road. It is the most busy shopping centre.  "
Police Control Room - 100 
Hospitals - 0631-2430577, 2229797, 2431503, 2421126 
Ambulance Service - 102 
"Few places to visit are : 
Kakolat Falls 
Nalanda 
Pawapuri 
Rajgir 
Barabar Caves 
Bramhjauni hill "
