Bremen	Bremen is the most bike-friendly city	Cheapest way to travel is to share a group ticket with other people.	For information about train lines and timetables within the city, have a look at the website of the BSAG, www.bsag.de.					
Hamburg	Hamburg can be windy, so bring a shawl or an extra sweater	The Hamburg Metro Card is a great way to get around and gives you discounts for many of Hamburg's attractions	Get a map of Hamburg's city center, it will make getting around much easier for you	Buses services are available around the clock.	Try to avoid rush-hour before 9AM and between 4-7PM.	Watch out for pickpockets, especially in the area around the Mönckebergstrasse, Central Station, on the Reeperbahn, in buses and trains, but also on crowded escalators and any other crowded places.	Tap water is very clean and you can drink it without any exception and even use it to provide baby food.	Keep your distance from demonstrations unless you wish to get involved
Füssen	Füssen is small enough that a car is not really needed to get around the city	Füssen has invested a lot into developing a network of bike routes and paths to make biking easier.	Travelling to the castle requires some trecks in case you want to enjoy the landscape. Hence travelling light and wearing comfortable shoes is recommended	While going to the castle, do not forget to visit the bridge as the view is breath- taking	You'll find a lot of souvenir shops around castle Neuschwanstein.			
Berlin	Berlin can very extremely cold in the winters and autumn or early spring is also chilly, hence bringing some thermals and a hat and gloves will be a good idea	Littering the streets is largely frowned upon	We advise not to light up in any public buildings or on public transport, and to check first before you light up in a pub, cafe, or restaurant.	Remember to bring your bottle back to the bar, and you will often be reimbursed a small change on the price of your drink	A good map is highly recommended as going around Berlin may be confusing.	If you don't know how to get somewhere, or how to get home at night, call +49 30 19449, the Customer Service of the BVG.	A walk at the holocaust memorial can be very touching so please remember to be sensitive to people around you	Notice the stark difference between the eastern side and the western side of Berlin
Potsdam	The tram and bus system in Potsdam is very modern and overall excellent though confusing.	It's best to get detailed information about prices and zones at Potsdam's central station or on the VBB website						
Cologne	Language is rarely a strong barrier, so this shouldn't be too much of a worry for the average tourist. Just approach a friendly native and smile on your face will take you a long way.	Cologne has an excellent public transport network consisting of trams, local trains and buses.	Those wishing to explore areas away from the central city should plan their journey and potential connections before leaving.	The KVB (Kölner Verkehrs-Betriebe) website is a good source of public transport information.	Travellers to Cologne can expect the hottest time of the year to be July , the coldest is January and the month with the most precipitation is June.	In general, avoid getting into fights and stay away from drunk people in Cologne.		
Munich	The best way to travel around Munich is the public transportation system consisting of the Tram (streetcar), buses, S-Bahn (suburban trains) and U-Bahn (underground trains). There is only one ticket system, called MVV, which means you can use all elements of the public transport with the same ticket.	Public transportation operates with limited service from 2AM to 5AM.	It is generally a bad idea to explore Munich by car. Traffic is heavy especially during rush hour, and parking tends to be close to impossible.	Drinking alcohol on public transportation trains and buses is no longer permitted	Pack all prescription medicines in their original, labeled packages, and bring painkillers for headaches or muscle aches	People are generally very friendly and understand English	Finding accomodation in Munich, especially inexpensive accomodation during the October fest can be really difficult but with care planning accomodation can be found in one of the nearby towns at 1-1.5 hrs travel time away.	There can be long lines to enter beer tents during October fest hence it is recommended that you keep a few extra hours in hand and carry an umbrella
Stuttgart	Always carry an umbrella as the rains might surprise you.	Walking shoes would be a good recommendation.	Although there are a few small drug stores, if you require special medication - bring it with you.	Public transportation late at night (after midnight) is a problem!	
Frankfurt	The best time to visit Frankfurt is between late spring to early autumn.	Frankfurt is the heart of central Germany and as such is the national transportation hub.	Avoid using your car in the city because of limited parking space.	Frankfurt is a great place for shopping	All real police officers have a green card with photograph and number, and no officer will check cash. Ring 110 if you get any trouble.	If you're keen on hiking, head out to the nearby Taunus mountains, the Vogelsberg (an extinct volcano), or the Odenwald.		
Dresden	Remember to carry an umbrella and warm clothes	In summers carry sun tan lotions and sun glasses.	If you need medical attention, go to the Universitätsklinikum, Fetscherstraße 74; Tel +49-351-458-2036.					
Leipzig	Bring an umbrella and warm clothes as well.	Don't miss bathing suits and beach towels in the summertime	Remember to carry moisturising cream as it's dry in Leipzig					
London	Don't forget to bring your scarf and gloves when you come to London (unless it is summer).	Carry an umbrella at all times as it rains frequently in London	The Tube map is also an absolute necessity.	The city has one of the most comprehensive public transport systems in the world - use it.	The London pass is extremeley useful - www.londonpass.com		
Birmingham	An umbrella or jacket with a hood may be needed.	It's a good idea to bring gloves, scarf and some nice wolly socks!	Bus, Train and Metro all come under the authority of Network West Midlands (Part of Centro, the PTE of Birmingham and surrounding area). Their website is the best source for all information required on public transport in the region	Maps will be needed to get round Birmingham				
Manchester	Jacket or trousers with zipped pockets (to avoid pick-pocketing)	An umbrella or jacket with a hood may be needed.	It's a good idea to bring gloves, scarf and some nice wolly socks!	Transport in Greater Manchester is overseen and co-ordinated by TfGM (Information: 0871 200 22 33)				
Sheffield	Water Proof Thermals for winter Boots if hiking	Maps if hiking
Blackpool	Always take some warm and anti wind clothes.	If you are going to go on the beach bring some swimming wear	There are tons of shops to buy souveniers.	An umbrella would be useful	The town is well served by buses			
 Leeds	Bring an umbrella	Sturdy walking shoes						
Liverpool	A warm jacket and water proof gear	Good walking shoes are a must	Liverpool City Centre is small enough to walk around					
Leicester	All city centre locations are easily reachable within walking distance.	The city supports an extensive bus network.						
Edinburgh	a pair of good walking shoes	Bring any medicines that you need with you		A jacket and an umbrella are a must				
Glasgow	A good sized waterproof bag, wheels are good as city centre is fairly well paved so it's easy to wheel your bag.	Bring a variety of clothing, layered especially as the weather can be very changeable	If your going hiking then be aware that in we weather the Scottish midge can be terribly irritating so wear netting. Mosquito repellant doesn't work.	Carry an umbrella at all times	In a medical emergency, dial 999 or 112.			
Zurich	Get an adapter for you electrical equipment.	Carry a city map .	In winter wear thermal under garments, it gets very chilly and snows at night.	Boots that keep out the frost and are waterproof are very useful.	Zürich is famous for its highly efficient, clean and safe public transport system, owned and managed by the Zürcher Verkehrsverbund (ZVV)	A 24 hour public transit pass would be a good idea to travel around Zurich		
Lucerne	Pack lightly as most of the travelling is on foot.	Bring waterproof shoes, a waterproof jacket and an umbrella						
Berne	From the end of October till the end of March it would be sensible to carry warm woolen clothes as it snows in November and from April till October generally cool cotton clothes, though it might get cold at times.	An umbrella and digital camera will come in handy while visiting this city with its scenic landscape with specially designated photogenic sights	Climate is extreme so pack accordingly.	The clock tower is a major tourist attraction but may be a little dissappointing				
Geneva	Anybody staying in a Geneva hotel/hostel is entitled to a free daily travel pass for the local Transport TPG. This is provided by the hotel.	In winter: thermal underwear, scarves, gloves, hat. It is best to layer clothing as the shops and museums are well heated.	it is advised to carry a good and comfortable pair of shoes along.	One must carry mosquito repellents.	one must carry sun screen lotion while visiting the place in summers.	Bring your doctor's perscription along if you think you might get ill		
Interlaken	A very small town where you can get by walking	Two train stations- East and West. Figuring out which is one is closer to your hotel can help you save some trouble	Very scenic landscape and a good place to take photographs	Water transportation is included in the Eurail pass and is a good experience for people who like water bodies	A major tourist destination where prices tend to be a little steep			
basel,lugano								
Lisbon	Pack a comfortable pair of shoes	Sunglasses and hat might be nice in summer.	If you are a citizen of the EU, you should require the European Card of Health Insurance in your country to access the portuguese health care system.	Don't forget your bathing suit, slippers and a sunscreen lotion to avoid any sunburn.	112 for emergencies, + 351 213 421 634 is the number of the police station	In the winter, it rains often so an umbrella or rain coat is a good thing to carry. In the summer bring some shorts and t-shirts as it is very warm.	Lisbon has a very efficient public transport network that covers the entire city in addition to the surrounding areas.	
Lieschenstein								
Madrid	Buy maps, travel guides, Spanish phrase book and/or dictionary.	Comfortable, light cottons in summer and warm clothes in winter is recommended.	Cap or hat/ sunglasses for protection against the sun along with sunsceen and after-sun creams	Insect repellent and/or soothing lotion for insect bites				
Barcelona	Make a copy of your passport to take with you when exploring the city	Bring enough of all prescription medications you may need while on vacation	Pack sunscreen, especially when traveling to Barcelona in the warmer spring and summer months	Pack comfortable walking shoes and lightweight clothing that can be worn all day	include a bathing suit in your baggage	Bring a warm coat if you are heading to Barcelona between October and February	Include an umbrella	Bring a European electrical outlet adapter
Zaragoza	The best time to visit Zaragoza is during spring (April to mid-June) and autumn (Sept-Oct).	A Zaragoza card can be bought which gives a lot of offers.						
Malaga	Buy Spanish phrase book and/or dictionary.	Wear a hat to protect yourself from sunstroke during the extremely hot summer sun and carry suntan lotion	There are also several tourist holiday resorts within reach: Torremolinos, Nerja and Marbella.					
Paris	Bring clothes that you can layer: a T-shirt, a sweater to wear over it, a jacket or coat on top of that. And yes, this applies even in July.	An umbrella is handy.	Comfortable shoes are a must as most of the exploring takes place on foot	Bring your own bottled water when walking through the city as purchasing water may be expensive	Baisc knowledge of french will go a long way. Eg. "parlez vous anglais" -pronunciation:Parlay voo onglai = "Do you speak english?" before you commence a conversation would help break the ice	Always greet someone before starting a conversation. Bonjour for good morning and bonsair for good evening	Paris boasts of one of the most widespread underground transit systems in the world. It is extremely well connected though figuring out the map may be a little challenging.	People in France are very courteous. Merci (thank you) and pardon (asking for forgiveness - sorry or excuse me) are two very oft heard words - especially in the metro
Lyon	In the summer, it can get really hot. In the winter, it can get really cold. Hence pack accordingly and  regardless of when you travel, bring an umbrella.	Try to carry an English- French or your Local language to French Dictionary.	Bring your own bottled water when walking through the city.					
Marseille	Suntan lotion/block is recommended	Bring some medicine with you to combat the debilitating effects of diarrhea as it is common	Note that there are many reports of mugging and pickpocketing so avoid carrying valuables and always be aware of your surroundings.					
Grenoble								
lille								
Bordeaux								
Southern France								
Hague								
Amsterdam	Good walking shoes as most of the travelling can be done on foot	It might rain so carry respective rain gear.	Warm summers and cool winters so dress in layers.	Beware of widespread substance abuse	Offers a large variety of museums.	One should be careful of rough inebriated tourists in the famous Red Light Area		
Rome	A comfortable, well-made pair of shoes.	During the winter, early spring and late fall, Rome can reach below-freezing temperatures; pack your warmest winter jacket, gloves and hat for these months.	Bring a light fleece jacket for cool summer evenings.	Umbrella is very useful.	Pack all prescription medicines in their original, labeled packages, and bring painkillers for headaches or muscle aches	To avoid getting lost in Rome, bring a guidebook to the city.	Taking tours of the famous monuments maybe interesting albeit a little expensive. Audio guides may be a good alternative(much cheaper) but not nearly as much fun.	Trevi fountain looks ethereal at night and is worth a visit
Naples	Luggage with wheels may not be such a great idea here because of all the cobbles	You’ll want to dress in layers	Take comfortable flat shoes to help you cope with all those cobbles	An umbrella or a waterproof coat is preferable along with sunscreen & sunglasses.	you’ll need to bring prescription medicines	Beware of pick-pockets and slightly rough locals		
Milan	If you travel to Milan in the fall, pack a sweater, warm jacket, scarf and an umbrella.	Mosquito repellant and soothing cream is recommended	Umbrella for the rainy season	Must visit the many local eateries offering different types of italian food 	Many museums in the city with some requiring a prior booking	Duomo square is a good place to hang out in the evenings	Many locals have small private drinking parties along the many canals in Milan	
Palermo, Sira Cusa								
isqiya, Capri								
Genoa	Usually a good weather in all seasons except autumn when it rains a lot.	Prepare to walk a lot, most of the streets are for pedestrians only and hence pack good waking shoes	Check out the water sports facilities or do some serious trekking - bring a variety of footwear.					
Prague	it is best to bring clothing that can easily be used to dress in layers.	Make sure you pack a light poncho, easier and lighter to put in your bag than an umbrella.	Make sure you carry a European plug or adapter.	Make sure you bring comfortable shoes with thick soles to avoid sore feet.	Public transportation is very convenient in most of the areas visitors are likely to frequent.	A daily pass can be bought at varoius train stations for availing transport facilities.	It is recommended to convert you currency at small private money changer as they give much better rates though one must be careful of counterfeits	
Salzburg								
Vienna	Vienna has a good public transport system , which includes commuter rail, underground, trams (trolleys), and buses.	Pick up a day or week pass for public transportation. The pass will cover all types of transportation within the city of Vienna and even works at night	Windbreaker, rain jacket and umbrella in the summers alongwith light clothes and Boots, gloves, scarf, hat and coat in the winters is recommended	Petroleum jelly and plenty of lotion is an important part of your toiletries as protection from the weather	The zoo in the outskirts of the city may be a good one day affair whereas the opera is also recommended			
Warsaw	Big, warm, hiking boots if you are going hiking or anywhere else in winter. And lots of sweaters, with at least one big, thick jacket to wear over everything.	Having a small folded umbrella might be a good idea.	Be sure to bring comfortable shoes					
Krakow	During the day, there is an excellent system of public transportation consisting of trams and buses managed by MPK (Miejskie Przedsiębiorstwo Komunikacyjne)	Comfortable flat shoes/boots are advised along with a windbreaker is helpful in the summer	Waterproof jacket/umbrella for all weather conditions					
Lodz	The public transport is definitely the cheapest way of moving around the city. 	Łódź is well-known for an excellent night scene.						
Budapest	Bring warm and dark coloured fleece jacket for layering up	City offers excellent and inexpensive spas	Currency changers in the city offer excellent rates	Shopping for inexpensive clothes would be a good idea				
Zagreb	Carry appropriate clothing for the season. Summers can be hot, so, sunscreen, beach wear, loose cotton clothes and sunglasses should be packed and for winter it would be best to bring sweaters and jackets as it can be pretty chilly.	The local currency is the Kuna and the maximum allowance is two thousand kn	Bring waterproof boots if visiting outside the summer months					
Tirana	Bring a good flashlight (torch) as Tirana is plagued with frequent and lengthy power outages.	A useful web and Android application regarding Tirana's Public Transportation such as lines, directions, times and costs can be found at Tirana Bus Stations						
Athens	Bring sun tan lotion when travelling at any time of year	Make sure you have a map of the city and a timetable of the underground.	If you come in autumn/winter, pack for cool and warm apparel	Comfortable walking shoes are essential				
Patra	The city bus service in Patra can be slow and unpredictable, lacking definative timetables.							
Bucharest	June-August: is very hot. wear t-Shirts, easy pants and light shoes with air vents. Sunglasses.	March-May and September-October: A sweater is reaquired. Sunglasses and perhaps an pocket umbrella	November-February: Good winter shoes - warm clothes.	Get yourself a map and Insect Repellent				
Varna	Carry an umbrella at all times.	A flashlight can be useful during a stay in the city.	Buy a language guide for roaming in and around the city.	Tourists should have valid visas, travel insurance and other important documents needed in Bulgaria.				
Minsk	Get around by using bus, tram, or subway or rent a car.	If you go in winter, invest in a good coat and gloves and scarve and boots	insect repellent					
Kyiv	It is advisable to pick up a pocket Russian or Ukrainian phrasebook	Comfortable walking shoes is a must.	For the people suffering of allergy carry appropriate medicines in the summer.					
Kharkiv	It is advisable to pick up a pocket Russian or Ukrainian phrasebook							
Dublin	Bring layers of clothing & include something waterproof.	Voltage Adapter as well as a plug adapter	Get a city map from the tourist bureau					
Oslo	There is a comprehensive public transport system in Oslo	Bring a sweater and a jacket to wear in the evening	Bring all essential medication.	Sunglasses/lip balm and a good moisturiser are other essentials	it can rain even during the summer so bring an umbrella.	The city can come across as expensive for budget travellers		
Bergen	Good walking shoes are a must	Pack rain gear because It rains a lot in Bergen.	would not recomend umbrellas since it can be rather windy. Bring some sort of raincoat instead.	Warm sweaters are a good idea	Bring all essential medication.	A trip of the fjords is a treat for the visual senses		
Stockholm	The Stockholm Card allows free public transport as well as free admission to 80 museums and sights in Stockholm, free sightseeing by boat and other bonus offers.	Be sure to pack windproof clothing, umbrella or raincoat and warm clothes						
Gothenburg	Bring a wind jacket, a rain coat or waterproof jacket.	Plasters and disinfectant if you intend to swim in the rocky archipelago	Don't forget to take a free city map of Goteborg at one of the Tourist Information Offices.					
Helsinki	You can opt for the Helsinki Card	Light jacket and an umbrella for hot summers.	winters are very cold so pack accordingly.	Heavy soled very grippy boots are most suited	Helsinki's Tourist Information Offices provide many free brochures, leaflets and maps.	Carrying mosquito repellent is recommended		
Tampere	Tampere can be a rainy experience, so do bring an umbrella.	Good shoes are necessary as you are going to walk a lot.	Can get humid in the summer so be prepared.	Also bring a nite mask for sleeping. it is bright all nite and can be hard to sleep				
Riga	Cars are not allowed in Old Town	Comfortable shoes is a must if you are planing to visit Old town	If you also visiting in the winter then take plenty of warm clothes	Carry moisturising cream to prevent your lips from becoming dry and chapped.				
Tallinn	The Old City is best navigated on foot, not that you have much choice.	Comfortable water resistant shoes is a must if you are planing to visit 	Do bring warm clothes, a warm raincoat and an umbrella.					
