Tampere	Tampere can be a rainy experience, do remember to carry an umbrella.	Good shoes are necessary as you are going to walk a lot.	Summers can get very humid. Remember to pack your toiletries accordingly.	Remember to carry an eye mask to help you sleep during the bright summer nights.										
Riga	Cars are not allowed in Old Town. Do remember to pack a good pair of walking shoes.	Carry plenty of warm woollen clothes for a winter visit.	Carry moisturising cream to prevent your lips from becoming dry and chapped.											
Tallinn	The Old City is best navigated on foot, not that you have much choice. Do remember to carry a good pair of walking shoes.	Do bring warm clothes, a warm raincoat and an umbrella.												
Copenhagen 	Definitely carry an umbrella irrespective of the season you are planning to travel in.	You should familiarize yourself with the sights and the historical places of the city to avoid getting lost.	Even during the summer, don't forget to pack a coat, or at least a jacket.	The closest beaches are located at Charlottenlund Fort in Charlottenlund and the newly erected Amager Strandpark (The Lagoon), on Amager near the Lergravsparken metro station.	You can get free city maps from the tourist information offices.	All public transport in Copenhagen, as well as the rest of the country, operates on a zone system. Check carefully for your destination to avoid paying extra.	The two big hubs are Central Station (da: Hovedbanegården/København H) with S-trains, intercity trains and buses, and Nørreport Station with S-trains, metro, regional trains and buses.		Dial 112 for emergencies, and 114 non emergencies relating to the police.					
Luxembourg 	It is generally mild winters throughout the year , although January and February can get very cold and the summer quite warm during the day time.	The best way to get around Luxembourg is by foot, bike or bus.	Try to show respect for the local language and make some effort to say a word or two of it even if it's just the standard greeting "Moien".											
Brussels 	Many parts of the central area are cobblestoned so flat comfortable shoes are more practical.	The weather here can be unpredictable, bring an umbrella irrespective of the time of the year.	It is recommended to dress in layers. It becomes easy to remove or add a layer depending on how you feel.	Make sure you have some coins on your person.	Invest in a good map of Brussels. Get a detailed one with one-way streets marked if you intend on driving a car.									
Bragged	Comfortable flat shoes for cobbled roads is a must.	Plan on layering clothes and be sure to prepare for rain - a jacket or an umbrella.	Mosquito spray or insect repellent may be needed during the summer months.	Do not forget to try the local chocolates or fresh Belgian waffles.	There are excellent b&b options available throughout Brugges. Scout around to get the best deal.									
Antwerp	Comfortable walking shoes are a must to get around.	Carrying sun glasses may b a good idea, especially during the warm summer months.	A rain coat or an umbrella will always come in good use.	Dress lightly in summer, but always bring along some light warm clothes for the evenings.	In autumn, winter and spring do remember to bring warm clothes.	Remember to bring a phrasebook because very few menus in the restaurants are in English.	You will end up buying a lot of things so keep ample empty space in your luggage on the way back.							
Cork	The climate is cool even in the summer season so pack accordingly.	An umbrella is useful to protect oneself from rain throughout the year.	Raincoats do not help much as the weather is changeable and the humidity will make things worse.	Remember to carry your sunglasses to Ireland.	Remember to dress in layers as the outdoors are chilly while the indoors may be warm.	Remember to carry comfortable shoes for climbing hills or walking long miles.								
Belfast	If you are not used to cooler, humid weather, bring a heavier jacket/coat.	Umbrellas are a must throughout the year.	Pack comfortable shoes as some areas are uneven and difficult to walk on.	Pubs around the city centre are generally open until 1 a.m. several days a week, though some may close around 11:30 p.m.										
Guwahati	Monsoon lasts between June to September and the accompanying humidity is enough to dampen you spirits	Best way to travel is by train 	Carry warm clothes during the winter season	Always carry enough mosquito repellents	The best time to visit Guwahati is between the months of October to April.									
Dibrugarh	The best time to visit Dibrugrah is between October to April.	For the summer months between March and September, remember to carry: cotton clothes, Sunglass and raincoats.	For the winter months between October to February remember to carry jackets to battle rough winds  and rain, light & heavy woollens and sunglasses and sun protection lotion	 Mosquito repellent, comfortable walking shoes, personal medicine and a torch are recommended recommended items to carry around the year										
Kalimpong	Biking is recommended as the  traffic is not intense and its really enjoyable to view the beautiful scenery	Kalimpong is beginning to form a small hiking industry – readily available informative flyers provide excellent information about the available tours.	Best to reach popular places by 8PM as the city shuts down early											
Gangtok	Littering and spitting attract fines and should be avoided	Tourists should keep in mind that taxis can only be hailed from designated taxi stands.	Fares of taxis are mostly fixed	No Plastics carry bags sold or used	Please carry your own medicines and drinking water	Carry warm clothes as it is generally very cold.								
Imphal	Best to carry cotton clothes for summers and woollens for winters	The winter months of October to February is the best time to visit												
Itanagar	The best time to visit the hill resort of Itanagar is between the months of October and March.	Tourist should make their schedule of travelling by either roadways or airways. Hence, make sure before starting how to get there.	Carry first aid kit and mosquito repellents.	While making a trip to adventure places, one should be careful to carry mineral water and eat hygienic  food. 										
Shillong	Although people avoid the rainy season, it is generally the time when the city is clean (rains wash the streets of all garbage) and waterfalls are in full strength.	Nongpoh is a good place to pick up bamboo pickles and other condiments.	Many of the buses are very old. Bus class indicates how many people are allowed to sit.	Private buses might be better built but are occasionally crowded and have more stops enroute.	Best way to go about in Shillong is on foot, hence it is recommended to carry comfortable shoes.	For sightseeing, it is a good idea to hire a taxi cab for full day. It is recommended to fix fares before travel.								
Cherapunjee	Carrying an umbrella is necessary.	Mosquito repellents should be bought or carried.	Multiple treks exist in and around Cherrapunji. One of the most popular one is to the "Double Decker Living Root" bridge in Nongriat village starting from Tyrna.											
Aizwal	Aizawl Civil Hospital is the best in entire Aizawl.	Various varieties of jungle products , monuments and memorials connected with legends and folklores are also available.	The main shopping centres in Aizawl are Bara Bazaar, Millennium Centre and Solomon's cave.											
Dimapur	Nagaland has officially banned all sales of alcohol. Any purchase has to be made in the black market where it is widely available	It is a must for all domestic tourists to obtain Inner Line Permits to visit Nagaland. All foreign nationals should register themselves at Foreigners Registration Office within a day of their arrival in the state. Tourists from Pakistan, China and Bangladesh need to apply with the home ministry to visit this place. Contact only government authorized tour operators for obtaining required permits.	Dimapur Climate is hot and humid in the plains during summer while the winter months are cool and pleasant.											
Kohima	Best time to visit is between November and March.	Pack light cotton clothes for summer with a light wrap for the evenings.	Rainwear is a must if you are visiting between June and September. 	Winter is quite cold with the near freezing temperatures. Accommodations generally do not provide central heating so carrying warm clothes is advisable.	Its a dry state(no alcohol served legally) but alcohol is readily available in the black market- everything from Jack Daniels to local zutho	All domestic tourists must obtain Inner Line Permits to visit Nagaland. All foreign nationals should register themselves at Foreigners Registration Office within a day of their arrival in the state. Tourists from Pakistan, China and Bangladesh need to apply with the home ministry to visit this place. Contact only government authorized tour operators for obtaining required permits.								
Kiphire	Trekking is an important activity over here from October to April.	All domestic tourists need to obtain Inner Line Permits to visit Nagaland. All foreign nationals should register themselves at Foreigners Registration Office within a day of their arrival in the state. Tourists from Pakistan, China and Bangladesh need to apply with the home ministry to visit this place. Contact only government authorized tour operators for obtaining required permits.												
Agartala	The best time to visit Agartala is between October and April. 	Pack light cotton clothes for summer and light woollens for winter.	Rainwear is a must if you are visiting between June and September.	Remember that auto rickshaws have an authorised sitting capacity of 4 persons at the rear	It is not permissible to drink openly in the roads or public places									
Agra	Tongas, electric buses and electric tempos are readily available and are the best ways to get to the Taj where no cars are allowed.	Remember to drive a hard bargain. Generally things are available at 40% of the initially quoted fares.	Mosquito repellent are an absolute must, specially at night.	Carry medicine for stomach upsets as the food is hot and spicy.	Carrying cotton clothes is the safest bet.	The Taj is closed for tourists on a Friday. Make sure you check the days you plan on visiting Taj.								
Ahmadabad	Summer wear should consist of light cotton clothes while  woollen clothes are more suited for the winters.	Make sure to carry your medicines	Gujarat is a dry state hence no alcohol is sold openly in the market but may be available in the black market											
Bangalore	Carry mosquito repellent	Cotton clothing is a must. Layered clothing is preferable for mild winter/rainy days	An umbrella is useful	Small flashlight is useful because of frequent power outages	Air conditioned Volvo buses are the best way to travel in Bangalore. Daily passes are available for Rs.90. It is recommended to check the bus timings, especially for the BIAS - airport buses	Auto rickshaws are also a convenient way to travel in Bangalore. It is recommended to check the distance of travel or insist on following the meter to avoid paying a hefty premium								
Chandigarh	Traveller could plan a trip to nearby hill stations of Kasauli, Solan or Shimla.	The best time to visit Chandigarh is the period between August and November	One of the best planned cities in India	Many dhabas(eateries) in and outside  Chandigarh serve excellent local cuisine										
Chennai	Light weight and cotton clothes are recommended throughout the year.	Hot and humid climate with a scorching sun. Protective gear like hats, scarves, sun- screen lotion and sun glasses are a must.	Using open sandals while travelling around in the city is comfortable 	Carry decent swimwear as Chennai is a very conservative city	It is advisable to drink only bottled water.	Mosquito repellent is a must.	Drive heavy bargains with auto drivers - 30-40% of what they initially demand is a safe estimate 	Many eateries for traditional south Indian food and Andhra cuisine serve excellent food.	Beware of pick pockets at highly crowded areas like Marina Beach.					
Darjeeling	Gets very cold in the winters. Do remember to carry warm winter clothing.	Torchlight is essential.	A good pair of strong and comfortable shoes is the first thing travellers must carry here.	A backpack containing packaged water and food come in handy while roaming around the town.										
Dharamshala	A comfortable pair of shoes is highly recommended	Heavy woollen clothing is required for winters	Mosquito repellent necessary, especially for nights.	Carry a torch/candles just in case the lights go out	The colours and characteristics of a small time can be observed at Kotwali Bazaar  in contrast to the simple life style of the rest of the city.	There are a variety of places to visit in Dharamshala ranging from temples, churches and monasteries to museums, ancient towns and places of natural beauty. 								
Goa	Always travel light when travelling to Goa, as you will get lots of goodies in Goa which you would like to carry back home.	If you are an International tourist, then you must buy clothes, toiletries and medical items in Goa.	Wear light clothing as it is hot in the afternoon. Though winter nights are cold	Carry swimwear for the beaches.	Mosquito repellants,Sun tan lotion, hats, sun glasses and moisturizers to be carried or bought to protect yourself from the sun.	Locally brewed alcohol (feni) and port wine, cashew nuts and goan sea food are highly recommended.	Prices are subject to bargaining	Hiring own vehicle recommended to  travel around nearby beaches is a good idea	Very inexpensive accommodation available on daily as well as monthly basis	Own bed sheets and mosquito repellents a must if staying in budget accommodation.	Calangute is the more popular beach while Anjuna is more famous for it's night life.			
Hyderabad	Carry water bottles & tissues while sightseeing.	Cotton clothes, comfortable shoe or slippers are recommended footwear	The best time to visit Hyderabad would be anytime after the summer is over, usually after May	Carry some medicines for common ailments	No heavy woollens are needed throughout the year									
Jaipur	Carry a backpack that cannot be opened easily.	Mosquito nets and repellents prove helpful	Light cotton clothes are recommended in summer as it is very hot.	Hats, sunglasses, umbrellas and sun screen lotions come in handy for protection from the sun.	Always carry drinking water to avoid getting dehydrated in the rough, dry climate.	Most of the big shops selling local goods in Jaipur don’t bargain unlike other cities in India								
Jaisalmer	Its necessary to carry a pair of sunglasses and sunscreen lotion.	Woollens is a must in winter, as well as some summer clothes for the day.	Medicines shops are very few so carry your own medicines.	Always carry drinking water to avoid getting dehydrated in the rough, dry climate										
Sariska	Meals are included in lodging charges.	Be sure to bargain 20-30% of the initially quoted accommodation rates	Roads are really bad once inside the park so prepare yourselves for a bumpy ride	Bottled water and alcohol are very expensive inside the hotels so it is recommended to carry your own.	Check for safari timings before planning to visit. The park is open only on Tuesdays and Saturdays during the rainy season - July to October									
Ajmer	Remember to park your car more than a kilometre away from the Dargah to save paying Rs.100 per hour for parking.	Avoid taking the rickshaw to the Dargah as the distance is not too much	Be prepared for people asking you to pay at each and every step	During the month of Kartik (Oct./Nov.), devotes throng in large numbers here to take a dip in the sacred lake. 	The once a year Urs at the Dargah of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti is held on an impressive scale and attracts pilgrims from all over the world irrespective of their caste and faith.	Ajmer is known for antiques, ornaments, charming gold and silver jewellery in modern designs	The bus stand in Ajmer is located near the RTDC hotel Khadim, in case one is in need of urgent lodging.							
Ranthambore	A variety of accommodation available for all budgets. Remember to bargain for best rates.	Locals say that route number 3 has the most tiger sightings.	Try to carry your own alcohol for the night as options are really limited and expensive.	Carry something to keep yourselves occupied after dark as there aren't many nocturnal activities in Ranthambore										
Pushkar	Make sure you visit the famous temples	The Pushkar Lake is a must watch attraction												
Kolkata	Best weather (not too hot or rainy) to visit is between October to February	Cotton clothes are helpful (winters- layered clothing is preferable)	Carrying a bottle of water and tissue while travelling is a good idea.	Carry first aid kit and other mosquito repellents are a must.	Famous for its street food, one should be hygiene conscious and not over indulge.	Beware of beggars/ street urchins who might harass foreigners	Beware of touts at tourist places / temples who will guarantee convenience for a large fee (open to bargaining)	Durga Puja is a special time of the year to visit when the entire city is in a festive mood.						
Mumbai	Keep all your regular medicines, first-aid and general medicines handy.	Sun-screen lotions, umbrella, sun-hats etc. are a must while you travel.	Winter is practically unknown. Carry loose cotton clothes throughout the year	Do not carry your important documents and valuables all the time, pick pocketing is not too uncommon	Mosquito repellent is essential while travelling through the more congested areas	Try to avoid the local train during the peak rush hours	Distances are large and traffic is congested. Budget your time accordingly							
New Delhi	Few pills for common ailments like fever, cold and aches will help you get through your trip	There are safety issues for female tourists after dark and it is best to travel in a group or have men escort you.	Cotton tee-shirt and comfortable trousers for summers and warm woollens for the winters would suffice.	Excellent north Indian cuisine is served in dhabhas (eateries) in and around Delhi	Auto prices are subject to bargaining	Beware of pick-pockets in crowded areas	The relatively new Delhi metro is a convenient and fast way to travel.							
Pondicherry	The best way to see Pondicherry and its surrounding areas is by renting out a "Pedal cycle" or a "motorcycle" or "gearless scooter".	Mosquito repellents should be bought or carried.	Its hot and humid most of the times so cotton clothes are recommended.	Numerous restaurants and French bakeries provide a wide variety of local/French delicacies.	Wide range of accommodation available. Booking at Auroville may require a prior arrangement,									
Shimla	Warm clothes are required throughout the year.	Carry comfortable shoes as most of the places are visited on foot	Carry needed medications.	General rule is to drink either filtered or bottled water, avoid anything that has not been cooked or that may have been washed in unclean water, and favour busy restaurants that are popular with locals or other travellers.	Travel light and carry only the necessary clothes and other articles.									
Trivandrum	Try to travel with light sturdy luggage	Carry all essential medicines	Cotton clothes for the hot humid weather is the best.	Mosquito repellents is a must	Carry an umbrella during monsoons.									
Udaipur	Its necessary to carry a pair of sunglasses and sunscreen lotion.	Woollens are a must for winter nights, as well as some summer clothes for the day.	Medicine shops are very few so carry your own medicines.	its good to keep a water bottle because dehydration happens even before you notice.										
Varanasi	Light clothes in summer, light woollens in winter shall suffice	Some basic medicines like antiallergics, stomach upsets, headaches and fevers should be carried for contingencies.	Mosquito coil/repellent is needed, especially for the night.											
Madurai	Carry light cotton clothes as it gets hot and humid.	An umbrella during the rainy season  is absolutely essential.	Keep yourself hydrated constantly.	Try the tender coconut drink. The tender coconut drink is sold by roadside sellers on their tricycles.	Petty theft and pick-pocketing occur in crowded locations, so take caution with your belongings.	The most accepted way of greeting is "Vanakkam" with hands folded at the chest.								
Pune	A torch can be useful at times and a hand fan is always useful.	Pune is a city that has to face heavy rains, an average winter and mild summer. Be sure to pack clothes accordingly.	It is essential to maintain some medications of general use	The summer sun can be strong or scorching.										
Patna	Carry light clothes that will help in the heat.	Carry your basic medicines.	A lock for your personal items is a must.	Sunglasses, hats and sun lotions are recommended.										
Ranchi	Carry light clothes that will help in the heat.	Carry your basic medicines.	A lock for your personal items.	Sunglasses, hats and sun lotions are recommended.										
Puri	Carry well covered outfits.	Remember to pack beach wear and beach accessories. These include sun screen lotion, sun glasses, hats and umbrellas.	Carry a comfortable pair of shoes o open sandals.	Medicines are recommended as tourists may face problems.	A backpack including packaged water and some snacks always comes in handy.	Remember to carry enough change(smaller denominations) of Indian rupees as some shopkeepers may not provide change for bigger denominations.								
Srinagar	it would be advisable to carry woollen clothes, jackets, scarves, woollen socks and gloves during the winters.	A pair of comfortable shoes and trousers is a must while exploring the city.	Remember to carry all your valid documents like passport, visa, insurance papers and some cash or credit cards.	Carrying your own set of medicines always helps just in case something is not available locally.										
Leh	Good heavy shoes, socks, gloves, muffler, jacket, and pullovers are recommended.		Remember to pack food and lots of drinking water.	Altitude sickness can be a factor for some people and suitable medicine should be carried.										
Haridwar	Central Haridwar can be reasonably comfortably covered on foot. Carrying comfortable walking shoes is recommended.	It is a holy city with pilgrims flocking from all over the world. One must be clothed decently at all times in public places.												
Jammu	Weather appropriate clothing must be maintained as summers are warm and winters are cold.	it is a major tourist hub due to it'd proximity to Vaishnodevi.												
Katra	Weather appropriate clothing as summers are warm and winters are cold	Only vegetarian meals are served in the restaurants.	Accommodation is available in all ranges	Bargain heavily before booking a private taxi to take you to the nearby places	Reservation for entry into the temple available in the city but prior reservation recommended 	Two routes to reach Vaishnodevi. 1st time visitors should take the longer route and repeat visitors can take the shorter one.								
Amritsar	Visit to the wagah border(check timings) and the golden temple is a must.	Amritsari Kulcha and Chola are  a famous local speciality and comes highly recommended.	Dry fruits are widely available and  reasonably priced.											