Bremen	Bremen is one of the most bike-friendly cities in Germany.	Cheapest way to travel is to share a group ticket.	For information about train lines and timetables within the city, have a look at the website of the BSAG, www.bsag.de.											
Hamburg	Hamburg can be windy, so bring a shawl or an extra sweater to cover yourself.	The Hamburg Metro Card is a great way to get around and gives you discounts for many of Hamburg's attractions.	Get a map of Hamburg's city centre. it will make getting around much easier.	Buses services are available around the clock in case you need transportation late at night.	Try to avoid rush-hour traffic. Ie, before 9AM and 4-7PM.	Watch out for pickpockets, especially in the area around the Mönckebergstrasse, Central Station, on the Reeperbahn, in buses and trains, but also on crowded escalators and any other crowded places.	Tap water is very clean and drinkable.	Keep your distance from demonstrations unless you wish to get involved.						
Füssen	Füssen is small enough that a car is not really needed to get around the city.	Füssen has invested a lot into developing a network of bike routes and paths to make biking easier.	Travelling to the castle requires some trekking in case you want to enjoy the landscape. Hence travelling light and wearing comfortable shoes is recommended.	While going to the castle, do not forget to visit the bridge to click a few pictures.	You'll find a lot of souvenir shops around castle Neuschwanstein.									
Berlin	Berlin can very extremely cold in the winters and autumn or even early spring, hence bringing some thermals and a hat and gloves will be a good idea.	Littering the streets is largely frowned upon.	We advise against smoking in any public buildings or on public transport, and even in a pub, cafe, or restaurant.	Bringing your bottle back to the bar might get you reimbursed by a small change on the price of your drink.	A good map is highly recommended as going around Berlin may be confusing.	If you don't know how to get somewhere, or how to get home at night, call +49 30 19449, the Customer Service of the BVG.	A walk at the holocaust memorial can be very touching so please remember to be sensitive to people around you	Notice the stark difference between the eastern and western side of the Berlin Wall.	Sandeman's New Europe tour is an afternoon well spent in Berlin as it is very informative and enjoyable.					
Potsdam 	The tram and bus system in Potsdam is very modern and overall excellent though confusing.	It's best to get detailed information about prices and zones at Potsdam's central station or on the VBB website.	Rain showers will always surprise you. Our recommendation- be prepared, carry an umbrella.											
Cologne	Language is rarely a strong barrier across Germany . Just approach a friendly native with a smile and they would be more than willing to help you out.	Cologne has an excellent public transport network consisting of trams, local trains and buses.	Those wishing to explore areas away from the central city should plan their journey and potential connections before travelling.	The KVB (Kölner Verkehrs-Betriebe) website is a good source of public transport information.	Travellers to Cologne can expect the hottest time of the year to be July , the coldest is January and the month with the most precipitation is June. Pack your clothes accordingly.	In general, avoid getting into fights and stay away from drunk people in Cologne.								
Munich	The best way to travel around Munich is the public transportation system consisting of the Tram (streetcar), buses, S-Bahn (suburban trains) and U-Bahn (underground trains). There is a one ticket system, called MVV, which means you can use all elements of the public transport with the same ticket.	Public transportation operates with limited service from 2AM to 5AM.	It is generally a bad idea to explore Munich by car. Traffic is heavy, especially during rush hour, and parking tends to be close to impossible.	Drinking alcohol on public transportation- trains and buses- is no longer permitted	Pack all prescription medicines in their original, labelled packages, and bring painkillers for headaches or muscle aches in case you are prone to such.	People are generally very friendly and understand English.	Finding accommodation in Munich, especially inexpensive accommodation during the October Fest can be really difficult but with careful planning accommodation can be found in one of the nearby towns 1-1.5 hrs travel time away.	There can be long lines to enter beer tents during October fest hence it is recommended that you keep a few extra hours in hand and carry an umbrella to  fight the rain.	Train stations can be extremely crowded with inebriated revellers during the October Fest hence it is recommended to leave a little early before the tents close to avoid rush.					
Stuttgart 	Always carry an umbrella as the rains might surprise you.	Good walking shoes are recommended.	There are few small drug stores, if you require special medication - bring then with you.	Finding public transportation late at night (especially after midnight) might not be easy.	New Palace & Palace Square is a must see for any tourist.	If you are staying for more than a day, for added mobility buy a special 3 day ticket.	A treat for car lovers, especially Mercedes Benz lovers.	Many shops offer free water. Be prepared for steep prices in bars, cafes, pubs, clubs and the like.						
Frankfurt	The best time to visit Frankfurt is between late spring to early autumn.	Frankfurt is the heart of central Germany and as such is the national transportation hub.	Avoid using your car in the city because of limited parking space.	Frankfurt is a great place for shopping.	All real police officers have a green card with photograph and number, and no officer will check cash. Ring 110 if you find yourself in any trouble.	If you're keen on hiking, head out to the nearby Taunus mountains, the Vogelsberg (an extinct volcano), or the Odenwald.								
Dresden	Remember to carry an umbrella and warm clothes.	In summers carry sun tan lotions and sun glasses.	If you need medical attention, go to the Universitätsklinikum, Fetscherstraße 74; Tel +49-351-458-2036.	If you want to go hiking in the 'Saechsische Schweiz' (Saxon Switzerland) take some shoes for hiking or sneakers with you to help traverse the difficult landscape.	People are generally friendly and understand English. Bring a pocket German/English Dictionary in case you find yourself stuck somewhere. 	The main shopping district in Dresden extends from Ferdinandplatz to the west of Sankt-Petersburger Straße and northwest to about Wilsdruffer Straße (search for Altmarkt). Budget ample time to explore the area in case you are a shopaholic.	The Neustadt is a very popular destination for drinking, especially for younger people. The area around the Frauenkirche and Dresden Castle is also very popular with tourists.							
Dachau 	When you visit the Dachau concentration camp, don't carry much luggage because the camp is huge and you may get tired.	You should wear light clothes in summer and carry your own water to avoid getting dehydrated as little is available inside.												
Leipzig 	Bring an umbrella and warm clothes as well.	Don't miss bathing suits and beach towels in the summertime.	Remember to carry moisturising cream as it's dry in Leipzig when its not raining.	Make sure you have proper attire to expect snow in winter.	Remember to purchase the "LEIPZIG CARD" if you intend on exploring Leipzig.	If you understand some German, get a copy of the monthly city magazine Kreuzer or use the event calendar on their website to get information on upcoming events during your stay.								
London	Don't forget to bring your scarf and gloves when you come to London (unless it is summer).	Carry an umbrella at all times as it rains frequently in London	The Tube map is also an absolute necessity.	The city has one of the most comprehensive public transport systems in the world. Make full use of it.	Read up on he benefits of London Pass before making the purchase. 	People are extremely polite in London and would expect you to be the same. A "sorry" or a "thank you" is expected when required.					In an emergency, telephone "999" (or "112").			
Birmingham	An umbrella or jacket with a hood may be needed to shelter yourself from the rain.	It's a good idea to bring gloves, scarf and some nice woolly socks.	Bus, Train and Metro all come under the authority of Network West Midlands (Part of Centro, the PTE of Birmingham and surrounding area). Their website is the best source for all information required on public transport in the region.	Maps will be needed to get round Birmingham as it may be a little confusing.	UK pharmacists are strict about prescription drugs here. Either carry your own medicines or be ready to provide valid prescriptions.	Remember to carry a pair of comfortable shoes. You will be doing a lot of walking here.	Has a Cadbury factory , open to visitors.							
Manchester 	Jacket or trousers with zipped pockets (to avoid pick-pocketing) is a wise precaution.	An umbrella or jacket with a hood may be needed.	It's a good idea to bring gloves, scarf and some nice woolly socks.	Transport in Greater Manchester is overseen and co-ordinated by TfGM (Information: 0871 200 22 33).	It can get a bit cold if walking outdoors and it can also get very warm indoors, so make sure you have a layer you can take off or put on.	Go to Cloud 23 bar on the 23rd floor of The Hilton, Deansgate. A pricey bar, but you can have a look at the skyline for free on request.								
Sheffield	Water Proof Thermals, winter Boots and a good map are absolutely necessary if you are planning on hiking	Sheffield walking directions can be planned online with the walkit.com walking route planner.	Sheffield is the perfect city base to explore the Peak District because it is the closest city to the northern half of "the Peaks" and also bus and train links from Sheffield into the Peaks are excellent for such services.	For Peak district you will need a back pack and preferably some comfortable walking boots.	A few lighter clothes recommended if travelling during summer months.									
Blackpool	Always take some warm and anti wind clothes.	If you are planning to go to the beach, do remember to bring some swimming wear and sun screen lotions.	The city is populated with shops to buy souvenirs from.	An umbrella can always come in good use.	The town is well served by buses.									
 Leeds 	Remember to carry an umbrella with you.	Sturdy and comfortable walking shoes are recommended.	The principal shopping quarters extends from south of the Headrow to Boar Lane.											
Liverpool	A warm jacket and water proof gear is recommended.	Good walking shoes are a must.	Liverpool City Centre is small enough to walk around	In search of Shakespeare, one is bound to visit Stratford-upon-Avon. 	The trip to Wales required hiking boots and appropriate attire for climbing mountains.	Home to The Beatles, you can buy many souvenirs if you are a fan.								
Leicester	All city centre locations are easily reachable within walking distance.	The city supports an extensive bus network.	Its known for its Indian market.	Day tickets for all buses in the Leicester area called FlexiDays can be purchased if necessary.	Leicester is a fantastic place for Indian food.									
Edinburgh	A pair of good walking shoes is a must.	Recommended to bring any medicines that you may need with you.	A jacket and an umbrella are a must											
Glasgow	A good sized waterproof bag which you can wheel around is recommended as the city centre is fairly well paved.	Bring a variety of clothing, layered especially as the weather can be very unpredictable.	If your going hiking then be aware that in warm weather the Scottish midge can be terribly irritating so wear netting. Mosquito repellent doesn't work.	Carry an umbrella at all times	In a medical emergency, dial 999 or 112.									
Zurich	Get an adapter for you electrical equipment.	Carry a city map .	In winter wear thermal under garments, it gets very chilly and snows at night.	Boots that keep out the frost and are waterproof are very useful.	Zürich is famous for its highly efficient, clean and safe public transport system, owned and managed by the Zürcher Verkehrsverbund (ZVV)	A 24 hour public transit pass would be a good idea to travel around Zurich.					Emergency Call in Switzerland is: 117 (police), 144 (ambulance)			
Lucerne	Pack lightly as most of the travelling is on foot.	Bring waterproof shoes, a waterproof jacket and an umbrella.	If you are planning a trip to one of the nearby mountains, wear comfortable shoes and layers of clothing.											
Berne	October to March may witness snow storms. Sensible to carry warm woollen clothes. Cool cotton clothes with a jacket may be preferable during the summer months.	An umbrella and digital camera will come in handy while visiting this city with its scenic landscape and specifically designated photogenic sights	The clock tower is a major tourist attraction but may be a little disappointing											
Geneva	Anybody staying in a Geneva hotel/hostel is entitled to a free daily travel pass for the local Transport TPG. This is provided by the hotel.	Winter wear should include thermals, gloves, scarves, etc. It is best to layer clothing as the shops and museums are well heated.	It is advised to carry a good and comfortable pair of shoes along.	One must carry mosquito repellents.	One must carry sun screen lotion while visiting the place in summers.	Bring your doctor's prescription along if you may need to purchase prescription drugs.								
Interlaken	A very small town where you can get by walking.	Two train stations- East and West. Figuring out which is one is closer to your hotel can help you save some trouble.	Very scenic landscape and a good place to take photographs.	Water transportation is included in the Eurail pass and is a good experience for people who are fond of water bodies.	A major tourist destination where prices tend to be a little steep.	The hotel/ hostel will provide you with a day pass for public transport within Interlaken. Although there is hardly any need for one.								
Lugano	Italian is spoken in Lugano as a primary language. English and German are widely spoken as well.	Lugano is small enough to get around on foot, and many of the streets are pedestrian-only. Pack comfortable shoes.	Ferries and Funiculars are great options for enjoying the scenery.	Bring plenty of sun screen as the sun is very bright here.	Also bring an umbrella because the weather in the mountains is unpredictable.									
Basel 	Insect repellent is a must to enjoy summer nights by the river.	English, French and German are widely spoken in the city.	Standard mode of travel for locals is on foot as the city is quite small.	All hotels in Basel, including the youth hostel, offer each registered guest a free "Mobility Pass" upon check in. This gives free unlimited travel in Basel and suburbs (including to and from the airport) for the duration of their stay.	The emergency number is 117, and operators usually understand English.									
Lisbon	Pack a comfortable pair of shoes to walk around the city.	Sunglasses and hat might be nice in summer.	If you are a citizen of the EU, you would require the European Card of Health Insurance of your country to access the Portuguese health care system.	Don't forget your bathing suit, slippers and a sunscreen lotion to avoid any sunburn.	112 for emergencies, + 351 213 421 634 is the number of the police station in case you find your self in an inconvenient situation.	Winter wear should include and umbrella or a raincoat as well while summers can be enjoyed in shorts and comfortable cotton t-shirts.	Lisbon has a very efficient public transport network that covers the entire city in addition to the surrounding areas.							
Liechtenstein 	Use layered clothing that you can add and remove at will.	Try to carry an umbrella.	Hiking in the mountains during the summer months while skiing during the winters is recommended.	Public transport in Liechtenstein is amazingly efficient and commonly used.										
Madrid	Buy maps, travel guides, Spanish phrase book and/or dictionary to help you get by.	Comfortable, light cottons in summer and warm clothes in winter is recommended.	Cap or hat/ sunglasses for protection against the sun along with sunscreen and after-sun creams are recommended.	Insect repellent and/or soothing lotion for insect bites must be carried.										
Barcelona	Make a copy of your passport to take with you when exploring the city.	Bring enough of all prescription medications you may need while on vacation as purchasing them at the local chemist shop might be an issue.	Pack sunscreen, especially during the warmer spring and summer months	Pack comfortable walking shoes and lightweight clothing that can be worn all day.	include a bathing suit in your baggage as you would want to hit the beaches during the summer months.	Bring a warm coat if you are heading to Barcelona between October and February.	Include an umbrella and a European travel adapter while packing.	Barcelona boasts of a very vibrant night life. Be responsible and take care of your belongings.						
Zaragoza 	The best time to visit Zaragoza is during April to June (spring) or September to October (autumn).	A Zaragoza Card may be purchased to avail many offers.	If you stay in or near the old town, most of the travelling may be done on foot. Taking the sight seeing bus is also a good way to explore the city.	Zaragoza's shopping area stretches from Residential Paraiso in Sagasta to the Plaza de España.										
Malaga	Buying a  Spanish phrase book and/or dictionary is a good idea.	Wear a hat to protect yourself from sunstroke during the extremely hot summer months and remember to carry suntan lotion.	There are also several tourist holiday resorts nearby like Torremolinos, Nerja and Marbella.											
Paris	Bring clothes that you can layer: a T-shirt, a sweater to wear over it, a jacket or coat on top of that. And yes, this applies even in July.	An umbrella is handy.	Comfortable shoes are a must as most of the exploring takes place on foot.	Basic knowledge of French will go a long way. Eg. "parlez vous anglais" -pronunciation: Parlay voo onglai = "Do you speak English?" before you commence a conversation would help break the ice.	Always greet someone before starting a conversation. Bonjour for good morning and bonsair for good evening should do the trick.	Paris boasts of one of the most widespread underground transit systems in the world. It is extremely well connected and spread across the city; though figuring out the map may be a little challenging.	People in France are very courteous. Merci (thank you) and pardon (asking for forgiveness - sorry or excuse me) are two very oft heard words - especially in the metro.							
Lyon 	Summers can get really hot while the winters will be chilly. Pack accordingly and  regardless of when you travel, remember to carry an umbrella.	Try to carry an English- French or your local language to French dictionary.	Bring your own bottled water when walking through the city.	During the summer, especially in August, precipitations often take the form of thunderstorms whereas in winter, lighter but more continuous rain common. Spring and early autumn are dryer and usually enjoyable. Plan your trip accordingly.	The Festival of Lights (Fête des Lumières) is by far the most important event of the year. It lasts four days around the 8th of December.	Smoking is prohibited in all closed public places, including bars, restaurants and night clubs. Look for fellow smokers or ask around before lighting up.	Metros and trams run approximately from 5 a.m. to midnight. Some bus lines do not run after 9 p.m.. Check the TCL website for details and plan accordingly.	The Lyon City Card may be of interest. Available from the Tourist office, it costs €18 for one day, €27 for 2 days and €36 for 3 days of public transport facilities, free or reduced entry fee to major museums and exhibitions and one guided tour per valid day of the pass.						
Marseille 	Suntan lotion/block is recommended for protection against the summer sun.	Bring some medicine with you to combat the debilitating effects of common diarrheal.	Cases of mugging and pick pocketing have been reported by tourists. Avoid carrying valuables unless absolutely necessary and be conscious of your surroundings.	The subway timings are 10.30 p.m. for weekdays and 12:30 a.m. for Fridays, Saturdays and Sundays. The tram system operates until 12:30 a.m. 7 days a week. Most bus routes do not operate after 9:00 p.m. , limited network of night buses (Fluobus) operates at about every 45-60 minutes until about 12:30 a.m. . Using a taxi may be recommended for travel past 9:00 p.m. for tourists.	The Old Harbour (Vieux Port) is a major tourist attraction. It is also known as the shortest commercial boat ride in Europe.									
Grenoble	The roads are mostly cobbled. Re-enforcing the wheels of your luggage are recommended.	Warm clothes in winter (chilly) and light clothes with a jacket in summer are recommended.	Carry water to avoid dehydration in summers.	Also bring ski clothes and snow boots during the winters as they do not hire them out in the resorts.										
Lille 	Bring clothes for rainy weather in the fall and spring seasons.	Lille can be quite cold so make sure you bring a warm jacket in the winters.	The summer months are generally warmer and more pleasant so you can get off wearing t-shirts and skirts, or slacks, etc.	A Lille Map of the town and of the Metro (Subway) is a must if exploring on foot.	Remember to carry shoes which can stand the wet weather and of course carry a sturdy umbrella.									
Bordeaux	Driving to Bordeaux is not a good option. Car parking is always troublesome and expensive. Traffic jams are also not uncommon in the old city streets.	Comfortable shoes are required as there is a lot of walking.	Check for wine tours timings. The bus ride to the winery will roughly last between 40 minutes to an hour each way.	Chocolates and cheese are available with wine tasting and may be purchased as well.	Bordeaux has an excellent bus and tram system across the city and day passes are easily available through vending machines.									
Hague 	A raincoat or an umbrella is a very useful in Holland.	Take comfortable shoes to walk around the city.	The Hague has a moderate coastal climate with some cool summers and mild winters.	You can get a map of The Hague at all police stations for free	Remember to carry a lot of facial tissues and moisturizers while exploring the city.									
Amsterdam	Good walking shoes is a must as most of the travelling would be done on foot.	Rain is frequent and unpredictable so it is wise to carry respective rain gear.	Warm summers and cool winters are the norm so dress in layers.	Beware of widespread substance abuse, though efforts are being made to curb it for tourists.	Offers a large variety of museums to suit every taste.	One should be careful of rough, inebriated tourists in the famous Red Light Area.	Accommodation can be scarce and more expensive than other European cities. Make sure to have a prior booking.	Many camping sites are available just outside the city for extremely cheap lodging. Ask for buses timings to and fro from these sites.						
Rome	Comfortable, well-made pair of shoes is a must while exploring Rome.	During the winter, early spring and late fall, Rome can reach below-freezing temperatures; pack your warmest winter jacket, gloves and hat for these months.	Bring a light fleece jacket for cool summer evenings.	Pack all prescription medicines in their original, labelled packages, and bring painkillers for headaches or muscle aches.	To avoid getting lost in Rome, bring a guidebook to the city. People are generally friendly and helpful in case you get lost.	Taking tours of the famous monuments maybe interesting albeit a little expensive. Audio guides may be a good alternative(much cheaper) but not nearly as much fun.	Trevi fountain looks ethereal at night and is worth a visit.	Beautiful spray paintings can be purchased near the fountain for as low as 10 Euros.	Beware of people selling cheap umbrellas as they don’t last long. People offering to take sell roses or take pictures may hound you at the various tourist spaces. Keep an eye out for them.	Many  cheap combo meals are available in Roman restaurants through out the city. Keep an eye out for good deals.	Beware of tour operators claiming to help you save 2-3 hrs by helping you jump the regular line to the Vatican. During off peak hours, the line may clear in as little as 15 minutes.	The Vatican may be small in area but it is very easy to get lost in it. Try to stay close to your loved ones.	The tour of the Coliseum usually lasts around 40-45 minutes and can be done without to save 18-20 Euros. The line to enter the Coliseum may not take too long to clear compared to what the tour operators might have you believe.	
Naples	The streets are mostly cobbled. Carrying heavy luggage and hoping to wheel it around may not be a good idea.	You’ll want to dress in layers to brave the strong chilly winds which might surprise you. A thin jacket will usually suffice for the summer months.	Take comfortable shoes with thick soles to help navigate all those cobbled streets.	An umbrella or a waterproof coat is preferable along with sunscreen & sunglasses.	You may want to carry your own prescription medicines as availability might be an issues	Beware of pick-pockets and slightly rough locals. Its best to always be on your guard while travelling through the slightly rougher neighbourhoods.	Connectivity to nearby islands is excellent through good ships/ boats. Do remember to check the timings for your return trip as the frequency reduces at night.	Naples boasts of being the birth place of pizza. The restaurant where pizza was apparently invented still serves the first type of pizza it made. I guess it's an acquired taste.	Cheap apartments are available in Naples. Do search thoroughly for good deals.					
Milan	If you travel to Milan in the fall, pack a sweater, warm jacket, scarf and an umbrella.	Mosquito repellent and soothing cream is recommended.		Must visit the many local eateries offering different types of Italian food 	There are many museums in the city with some requiring a prior booking. Make sure to do your research on museums before planning a trip.	Duomo square is a good place to hang out in the evenings with its many shopping arcades and the beautiful church.	Many locals have small private drinking parties along the many canals in Milan during the summer time. Requesting to join them might work.							
SiraCusa	The climate is mostly warm so light clothing is sufficient.	A raincoat/umbrella and sturdy shoes is recommended.	Americans and Canadians should buy an adapter (which changes the shape of the plug) and a converter (which changes the voltage) for their electronic items.	Language might be an issues so it is advisable to carry an Italian dictionary	Locals might be a little rough compare to other Italian towns. Try to maintain your distance if you feel uncomfortable.									
Palermo	Remember to collect a good map of the city on arrival.	Make sure to carry a bottle of water with you at all times.	Keep change( small denomination bills) handy.	Sunglasses and suntan lotion is a must as can get hot.										
Capri Island	The beaches in Capri are rocky and there are rough stones in parts of the sea, so you may want to bring water shoes or slippers.	Boat rides to the Blue and the Red Grottos are a visual treat. Blue Grotto is said to be the more spectacular of the two.	Check for appropriate seasons for the visits a particular Grotto.	Has magnificent hotels if one intends to spend the nights, though it maybe a little on the more expensive side.										
Genoa	Summers are hot but windy, especially at night, and winters are very windy and accompanied by rains. Winters can be nice and warm when its sunny so pack accordingly and make provisions to tackle the rain.	Most of the streets are for pedestrians only and hence good waking shoes are recommended.	Better to bring a variety of footwear ranging from slippers for water sports to sturdy trekking shoes.	Finding a parking spot close to the beach close to impossible. Use public transit to visit the beach.	The bus network is operated by AMT and services the entire city until 1 a.m.. Be sure to check routes and timetables before you set out as the system may be somewhat confusing, e.g. some routes only travel at certain times and are replaced by other similar ones with different numbers.									
Prague	it is best to bring clothing that can easily be used to dress in layers.	It is recommended to convert you currency at small private money changer as they give much better rates though one must be careful of counterfeits.	Make sure you carry a European plug or adapter.	Make sure you bring comfortable shoes with thick soles to avoid sore feet.	Public transportation is very convenient in most of the tourist spaces	A daily pass can be bought at various train stations to avail public transport facilities.								
Salzburg 	Remember to always carry a sweater or jacket irrespective of the time of year	A medium windbreaker should be sufficient on even cooler days when paired with an undershirt, dress shirt and sweater	Good walking shoes are a must as it is a small city and most of the travelling could be done on foot.	During winter, make sure you have warm clothes and a waterproof jacket. It is advisable to have a pair of gloves and a hat to shield you from the cold winter.	A map will be very helpful to plan your stay. Although it is a small city, the similar roads might confuse you.	The frozen river is one of the more popular tourist spots in Salzburg.	The journey to the frozen river might include a light trekking trip so remember to pack light and wear a comfortable pair of shoes.	It might get really cold inside the cave so it is advisable to carry some sort of protective layer of clothing, although a thin one will suffice.	Remember to specify to the guide if you would prefer the tour in English. Many times you are just provided a piece of paper with the information in English which gets difficult to read in the dark. Having someone near you to translate might also be a good idea.					
Vienna	Vienna has a good public transport system , which includes commuter rail, underground, trams (trolleys), and buses.	Pick up a day or week pass for public transportation. The pass will cover all types of transportation within the city of Vienna and even works at night.	Windbreaker, rain jacket and umbrella in the summers along with light clothes and boots, gloves, scarf, hat and coat in the winters is recommended.	Petroleum jelly and plenty of lotion is an important part of your toiletries as protection from the harsh weather.	The zoo in the outskirts of the city may be a good one day affair whereas the opera also comes highly recommended as an evening event.									
Warsaw	Big, warm, hiking boots if you are going hiking or anywhere else in the winter and lots of sweaters, with at least one big, thick jacket to wear over everything is recommended.	Having a small folded umbrella might be a good idea to shield yourself from the rain.	Travellers should bring light, summer clothes for the day, but an extra jacket for evenings, which can sometimes get a little chilly even in the summers.	The Warsaw Tourist Card may be a wise investment which can be purchased from the local tourist agency's offices around the city, some hotels, and a few other locations. It can either be purchased for a 24 hour period or three days. It provides many offers and discounts.	The public transport system in Warsaw is generally well-developed but can be painfully slow at times.									
Krakow 	During the day, there is an excellent system of public transportation consisting of trams and buses managed by MPK (Miejskie Przedsiębiorstwo Komunikacyjne)	Comfortable flat shoes/boots are advised along with a windbreaker in the summers.	Waterproof jacket/umbrella for all weather conditions is recommended.	There are more than 300 different eating and drinking places in the Old Town so make sure to work up an appetite before coming.										
Lodz	The public transport is definitely the cheapest way of moving around the city. 	Łódź is well-known for an excellent night scene. Be careful to not overindulge yourself or get carried away.	The main tourist office is located at Piotrkowska 87 Street. You should also be able to get a map and some tips at the airport on how to go about.											
Budapest	Bring warm and dark coloured fleece jacket for layering up.	City offers excellent and inexpensive spas which can be made full use of.	Currency changers in the city offer excellent rates compared to government offices.	Shopping for inexpensive clothes would be an excellent idea.	Budapest is comparatively cheaper than most of the Western European countries. Allow yourself the extra indulgence here.	Do try out the Hungarian cuisine and some of the 24 hrs open bars/night clubs.								
Zagreb 	Do carry appropriate clothing. Summers can be hot, so, sunscreen, beach wear, loose cotton clothes and sunglasses should be packed and the chilly winters can be combated with sweaters and jackets.	The local currency is the Kuna and the maximum allowance is two thousand kn	Bring waterproof boots if visiting beyond the summer months.	Zagreb has a well-developed and efficient public transport system that consists of trams, buses and trains.	Travellers who are staying for several days should consider buying the Zagreb Card. The card offers unlimited travel on public transport in Zagreb, discounts at virtually all of the city's museums, reduced prices at many restaurants, shops, and service providers and many other concessions.	Tobacco smoking is banned in all enclosed public spaces, including restaurants and some (but not all) bars and cafes.								
Tirana	Bring a good flashlight (torch) as Tirana is plagued with frequent and lengthy power outages.	A useful web and Android application regarding Tirana's Public Transportation such as lines, directions, times and costs can be found at Tirana Bus Stations	The tourist information office opened on Ruga Ded Gjo Luli, just north of Skanderbeg Square (behind the National Historic Museum) provides maps, directions and free pocket guides to the city.											
Athens 	Bring sun tan lotion irrespective of the time of travel.	Make sure you have a map of the city and a timetable of the underground.	If you come in autumn/winter, pack for cool and warm apparel	Comfortable walking shoes are essential	For the best views of Athens, head to the top of Lycavittos Hill.	If you're lucky enough to be in Athens for the Easter Weekend, you'll see the spectacular sight of hundreds of people making their candlelit way down the hill on Easter Saturday night as part of the Easter Vigil procession.	Athens is famous for its vibrant nightlife. Hip areas include Gazi, Psirri, Metaxourgio, Exarcheia, Monastiraki, Theseion and Kolonaki.							
Patras	The city bus service in Patra can be slow and unpredictable, lacking definitive timetables.	Patras is well known for the wines produced by the Achaia Clauss wine factory and especially for a variety called Mavrodafni. Visitors should also taste the local liqueur called Tentoura which is usually served as a digestive.	Patras is the best city to shop at in Greece. All the stores are in the town hall housing all the major brands.											
Bucharest	Sunglasses, t-shirts, shorts and light shoes should suffice for the summer months with a sweater for the spring and autumn season is sure to suffice.	Warm boots and warm woollen clothes are recommended for the winter months.	Always keep a map and insect repellent handy.	Bucharest has one of the most extensive systems of public transport in Europe, even though it can sometimes be confusing and crowded.	There are two free weekly guides published in Bucharest featuring all the events of the week, as well as listing the addresses of most restaurants, clubs, pubs, bars, cinemas etc. in the city. One is Şapte Seri (Seven nights), the other 24-FUN. Getting hold of either should make sure you have a fun time here.	The hot and very dusty summer may trigger your allergies. Stock up on anti- allergens before visiting the city.								
Varna	Carry an umbrella at all times.	A flashlight can be useful during a stay in the city.	Buy a language guide for roaming in and around the city. Not everyone may be expected to understand English or other European languages.	Tourists should have valid visas, travel insurance and other important documents as required by the Bulgarian law. Random checks can lead to a lot of trouble.	The pedestrian area and the coast area are always brimming with activity and guarantees a good time for the tourists.	The beach becomes the favourite nightspot for partying during the summer months.								
Minsk	One can get around by using the bus, tram or subway service or even renting a car.	If you go in winter, invest in a good coat, gloves, a scarf and boots. The winter can be chilly.	Insect repellent comes in very handy throughout the year.	It would be wise to learn some key phrases in Russian to help you get by.	Lake Narach is the largest lake in Belarus, located about 160 km north of Minsk and a good place to visit.									
Kyiv	It is advisable to pick up a pocket Russian or Ukrainian phrasebook as language may be a major barrier.	Comfortable walking shoes is a must to get around.	For the people suffering from allergies, it is advisable to carry appropriate anit-allergens in the summer.											
Kharkiv	It is advisable to pick up a pocket Russian or Ukrainian phrasebook as language may be a major barrier.	The Metro is the fastest and easiest way of getting around the city.	You may buy beer from a kiosk and sit and drink in Schevchenko Park.											
Dublin	Bring layers of clothing & include something waterproof to help against the harsh weather.	Voltage Adapter as well as a plug adapter are two essentials you cannot get by without.	Get a city map from the tourist bureau to help you navigate through the city.	Evaluate investing in a Leap Card, a rechargeable E-purse card that can be used across Dublin Bus services, Luas and DART/Commuter rail lines within the city metropolitan area.	Dublin's most famous shopping street is the pedestrianised Grafton Street, which runs between St. Stephen's Green and Trinity College.									
Oslo	There is a comprehensive public transport system in Oslo.	Bring a sweater and a jacket to wear in the evening as it may get windy and cold.	Remember to carry all essential medication.	Sunglasses/lip balm and a good moisturiser are other essentials one must remember to bring.	it can rain even during the summer season so bring an umbrella.	The city can come across as expensive(even when compared to Western European countries) of travellers. Remember to budget accordingly.								
Bergen	Good walking shoes are a must.	Rain is unpredictable an frequent. Advisable to pack accordingly.	Better to carry a raincoat rather than an umbrella due to the stormy winds.	Keep a sweater handy.	Bring all essential medication.	Try to take a trip of the fjords. Check for the season and timings to avoid disappointment.								
Stockholm	The Stockholm Card allows free public transport as well as free admission to 80 museums and sights in Stockholm, free sightseeing by boat and other bonus offers.	Be sure to pack windproof clothing, umbrella or raincoat and warm clothes.												
Gothenburg	Bring a wind jacket, a rain coat or waterproof jacket.	Be prepared with plasters and disinfectant if you intend to swim in the rocky archipelago.	Don't forget to take a free city map of Gothenburg at one of the tourist information offices.	The Gothenburg City Pass allows entry into many tourist attractions, grand houses, museums as well as offering free travel on trams and buses including free parking.	The local transport company (Västtrafik) have removed maps from just about all tram stops, be prepared, have a map ready before you get here.	One can get around the main city primarily on foot. Remember to carry a good pair of walking shoes.								
Helsinki	Evaluate investing in a Helsinki Card.	Remember to carry a light jacket and an umbrella even for hot summers.	Winters are generally very cold so pack accordingly.	Remember to carry a thick soled pair of shoes with a good grip.	Many free brochures, leaflets and maps are available at any of the Helsinki's Tourist Information Offices.	Carrying mosquito repellent is recommended.								